at the latest the launch of a big one
military transport plane at
The city of Lugansk shows that the fighting
in the east of ukraine a new phase of the
have achieved brutality
per russian separatists should
military machine with a ground air
rocket and machine gun fire at
Landing hit the airport
and have brought explosion
all 49 inmates were killed
the ukrainian president poroshenko
now threatens with retribution
Corinna in part reported the remains
who was using the military transporter
nine crewmembers and 40
paratrooper on board it is the
so far bloodiest day for the
Ukrainian military separatists
said a Russian
news agency you have the
transporter with anti-aircraft missiles
shot down
the ukrainian army sees pros
behind the stop
visibly shaken announces the
President Poroshenko for Sunday one
day of mourning
the conclusion is a cynical act of
terrorists
the Ukraine needs peace but the
attackers received a reasonable
answer
only yesterday the army had successes
reported the port city ​​of mariupol was like that
really been freed and you have the
control over a piece of the border too
Russia has come back today
in Mario Pohl 3 frontier guards around the world
in an attack by separatists for
goliath is now a golden kiev
since the end of may is a group of us zob
Eighth observers in the hands
including pro-Russian separatists
apparently also a German as today
became known they have closer
information on this no thomas the osze
could not get any closer to us
provide information with the reference
the safety of your employees for the
Ukraine is certainly today
no easy day to hour
a few hundred have become very angry
protesters gathered in front of the
russian embassy in kiev and
throw the message with stones and
with eggs and the foreign minister of
Ukraine tries the heated ones
to reassure the president there
Ukraine has today with his
telephoned French colleague
and said he expects more sanctions
of the west against russia in case it too
further attacks of the separatists
come and today drive the
Today's attacks complicate the whole
sure the prospect
peace negotiations collini many
Thanks for this information from Kiev